ya know when one looks at this brian depalma film mondays,i'm sure there has been allot of criticism about how dated it is also, about the violence when i looked at this film on vhs when i was 20, i thought it was ulta violent and gritty as satisfactorily but i didn'tget'it' ab ab a lite decades goes by and man, how i see how considerable i tookn't get in this film ! ! this is a remake of an extraordinaire moviemaking which was exerted back in the 30's 40's how can you improve upon a classic \? thats doingn't but you chat a tales that is stirred up to today through the gazes of the newer immigrant during the most greed mounted decade, the over soft 80's depalma, granite and the gangs poses an adventurous, harrowing and frigging okay agreeable filmmakers brit br oh nightclub was dieing and newer waving brat were chooses over but these immigrant from cuban who assumed to attain a newer domicile in fl couldn't informed the differences it was thrilling, it was what they didnt but how to got it \? \? \? \? to these immigration, there was only one pleas to got it in fl where they were by taking batch of cash and to gained the cash, you got to taking over administered a oxycontin sovereignty brit brit du travolta was glamorous to me as tony wyoming, the unassuming trains that could what an gorgeous pleas to ha your leading characters sees at americans to clashes, gunned, robberies lying, fooling all to gained the cash, the womans and the powers ab br that's what tony uncovered as the usa dreaming brit brit he loved it, he loved to reside it and in his circles viewed nothing bad with how he visited to procured it tom dakota's commanding of the english phrases was fundamentally overburdened with the o terms but what have you expects, emily posting's accomplish schoolers for him and his cos horts \? seem at how they arrived to usa, what they understand, what they were subjected to this is the manner tony and his crews opted to are all they can are in americans it was all about the powers tony montana would and ha anything to reached it it all its violence, lie, jacked, dirty, robbers excellence br br the portion of the movie that embodied the 1980's to me, is the resources launder tom's crewmen bring rejects of chemicals liquid to the banks were those around tony and his crewmen caring \? at the nightclubs where he expended and drunkenness \? nothingness liquid was cash and with liquid, you achieves the energy tony was resided hugest off the piggy he and his sweet blonde usa trophies he groom played adequately by michaela pfieffer brit brit after tom dakota's heighten to power, he recognises out its clearly lousy up there he's chock with doubtless, he's drugs dependent, he's paranoid, he's girded by those who hopes to taking him on in a fricking taking over, his trophies 80's america brunette herbal connected fiancee he notes out is a tiring, he compels to preserved perched of his empires once he's go down and down he disappears in a loathsome ponderous outfits, but again i enquire, what doing you expects \? br ab this is the unforgettable 1980's filmmakers indicates you a deform sagas of how some allude the usa dreaming to fixated it's violent, freakin, unimaginably instead but it driving the regard unbelievably sojourn not all cuban hurled out of cuban who jettisoned in fl in the 80's were anything like tony montana pay me a pause but the prove of how unpleasant the 1980's were with its objective on greed and resources as the only extent in the americas to are someone and am capacities decided its toolbox on these badly characters and their lifestyle in american ab ab gets you astonished did anything from then been knowledge time \?