nicely finished, and along with new voyages it's a peachy prolonging ! fab to see james bunce in the latest episode vigil checking it out ! br br i like the growing characterisation, and think we have good replacements for the tv actors in a fan produced piece this show manages to nabbed the feel quite well, as they sate on the ste, it did improved over the years with experience and i hopes with some more experience, a strong script editor, and a opting up in timing and cgi that hf gonna becoming more remarkable than it already truly is ! br br ok work to all concerned ! ab br (i have a huge soft spot for lefler mcfarland (great acting), althoughi'm a bit tired of lefler's laws enough already ! shelby's great (if a little uptight) and it's cool she got the ship commodore ian's nice (like fred flintstone), but lacks the gritty edge of a commanding officer and does seem too pleased with himself the doc, counselor, and rawlins are right on the money in my eyes, as is the wonderful nechayev (what a beautiful accent a real russian ! (well,i'm guessing rene hails from the czech rep) br br it gets my vote, and the cgi is kewl some of the greenscreen's obvious, but on a small budget whaddayagonndo \? br br really glad i found it ! br br (ok, some of the acting isn't great but it's fan made and is therefore allowed to be variable sorry cmm cole) br br the gay material is layed on too thick (graham norton'd be embarrassed) trek doesn't pay that much attention to hetero couples so why signpost gays with all the snogging \? it's not necessary to showpiece someone's sexuality to this extent i hope they tone it down let aster zen be people not tokens i don't treat my gay friends any differently, they're just regular guys br br musically it's a mixed bag i can tell its all stock trek ost stuff and works most of the time, but timing can fall flat now then (the end of worst fears part 2 misses the crunch, and the edit love the fact they use the galaxy quest music ! br br i certainly can't wait for more ! ! dazza br br never give up, never surender ! br br viva les frontieres