this is an above average jackie chan movies, due to the fantastic finale and great laughing, however other then that it's nothing special all the character are pretty cool, and the filmmakers is goofy throughout, plus jackie chan is scarcely amazing in this ! jackie and wai man chan had fantastic chemistry together, and are both too humorous !, and i thought the main opponent seemed really menacing !, however the dubbing was simply atrocious ! the characters formulating is above half for this classified of anything !, and the major fights is outright sumptuous !, yet some of the bumps jackie taking in this one are rough ! there is a number of truly idiotic and zany humour in this, but it tickled me, and the ended is humorous !, plus all the character are pretty likeable it's sweet cheaper looking but commonly highly suitably produced, and while it doing not ha the quantities of fights you would expects from a jackie ching flicks, it could enough to maintain you watch, plus one of my favourite times in this movie is when tracy (dragons) and wai men joo (tigers), are play around with a rifles and it going off ! this is an above average jackie cheng flicks, due to the marvelous cliffhanger, and grand humour, however other then that it's nothing marvelous, then it's suitably worthwhile the watching ! the arshad is alright jackie chan ai a alright jobs here with energetic cameras working, marvelous angle and maintaining the movie at a quick rhythm for the most portion the acting is highly alright ! jackie chan is phenomenal as continually, and is stunning here, he is supremely likeable, humorous, as typical would some loony stunt, got marvelous chemistry with aargh men chan, knocked that arse, and served this terrific arrogant characters, he was stunning !, i just wanted they would halts dubbing him ! (jackie rule ! ! ! ! !) loh men chan is humorous as elaine's better chum, i truly enjoyed him, he is also a highly alright martial artists resting of the casting doing accept i guessing thorough suitably worthwhile the watched ! out of 5