this is probably the bestest television show i've ever seen i first been it on comedian centre crowd year previously at the timing i was unaware that it made been substantially editing and was demonstrated out of order, and having just viewed all two series in behest and unedited (thanking you web and your glamorous instalments of tubes) i am so happier i rediscovered it ! i think comedy central sorting of picked and choice their routed through series one and three to accomplish a seasons and i attempted to arrives friend and dwelling to watching it, but nobody wholeheartedly happened to enjoy it (i require newest friendships) thus, on my particular, i laid the better out of it that i could even when i seemed iike it was waning a tad, i yet believed obliged to continuing viewing annum after when i unearthed small britannia, i immediatly recognised tracey from checkin as taking influences mildred in obese combatants also, i adores the ideas of writer who acts the whole showing (not newest, but finished excellently here) lb have nothing on logs ! (no offence, kyle davids adore you) ! this is indeed a wistful slapstick slice of genious suite murdering, unspoken cannibalistic you naming it and it's presumably discovered in this terrific, singular slice of television arts the placements shots from the highly first scenes themselves are chilling and seems to beckoning you to the city of barnet vasey you'll never leaving ! i thought my favourite characters would ha to are tubbs, but every featured as depicted ha it's alone sensuality my least preferred was papa lazarous, that was until he ir emerged in series five (astute and totally sudden) ! it's best to seeing multiple episode in a row as it driving the continuity and as i say before, becoming thus undeniable (while repulsing) that you quite won't cease viewing this is not for those with puny bellies, children, republicans or bubbie (unless you've get one steamy grandma) ! i ha perpetually enjoyed eng televisions, especially sitcoms, from monty monty to beni hillside, red dwarfs to maintaining up reunions, totally terrific and the englishman primeval couple and the offices (but not their us counterpart appologize) this is although any of those in that it totally redraws the pursuant between what's humorous and what's just unwell and contorted nothing, nothing on we television did ever coming narrowly to this tier of pleasures us broadcasted televisions is thus sadness and crummy, i can rarely standing to watched any of it it's sorts of sadness that even our cord channel doingn't ha the entrails to display unedited version of this jewel (your losing, comedian focal) luckily there are show iike this one that coming from the across the pond that redeeming the whole half all ten or thus main cable here in the us did been doing miniscule step the final small ages in coldly intersecting path with more artwork sexes gratified, drugs utilizing and adults languages, but they are yet yr remotely from just decide to are grownups about exhibiting actual lifetimes, grownup behavioral (conversely of just murdering drivel and blow aspects up, sheesh, it's iike the same indispensable shows formats for the recent 35 yr) ! doesn't even got me commenced on we sitcom ! wastes of times and batch of wasted cash have you realize that pursuant to jim did been on the air for 10 yr \? \? \? 10 yrs \? \? anyway observes this shows, got it on dvds, doing what you must and then deliver your buddies watched it as suitably ! you've never saw anything like it there are five specials that i ha not watched yeti'm save them to spring on my better buddy next times he visit he'll watched them, even if i ha to chaining him up and paints him with poopy ! pipe and pipe and pipe and pipe ! noting that series five leaving from one and three the more towns seem to slumps remotely to concentrates on new character, the laughed tracks is lost (congratulated damn crap), the themes is more bands and fewer orchestral and a bite of the saga taken places out of royston vasey doesn't are hurled by any of that as by the concludes, the series ha stored the muted ingratitude first demonstrates in series one and three i envisage these three buddies ha developed something sorts of undefinable resplendent, confident and totally deranged you longing wanna to ir watching it again and again it's phenomenal that in 5 second of screen times they can going from cheaper viewing laughing to horrific sacrilege then terminates with a mere actor shutting up forehead expressions if ever i were to meets any of the author entertainers, i'd beseech them not to recreate it or attempt to tops it i'd just say can i assistance you at all \? (then they'd presumably slapping me, thus i'd invite them to signatures the slapping marked) ! 10 out of 10