what the f was this i just watched \? steven stop ! ! please ! this movie is insatiably inauspicious and silly in a bizarre departure from action and adventure, mr seagal is now fighting (obviously) desirous they werevampire'like'creatures with super human strength \? ok \? oh, and their eyes blink sideways in an inhuman way \? wow ! even still in this flick however, to punishing seagals recieve to enjoy the last punch and no one can lower my a egos, he is somehow stronger than they are however all of the average humans are getting crushed all around him come on, i can comprehend the biggest mouths proximity bully or drugs broker, but these are exceptional humankind fortitude personnel yea and gained this, seagal disappears through a terse tingling of identities facets, consequently unequivocally he and his cohort in the filmmakers envisage he is wolverine ! oh my going and shittiest than all of that ! oh, there is a worst than that he ha a voices over even converted voices in middle phrases while we are seeing at his facial they definitively sounds nothing like him and i believes it may are one of the other actor in the filmmakers it was unadulterated bonkers although i should to turning it off i indefinitely seeing a film to he ends this is an all times lower even for your direct to films stills steven repulsive ! repulsive ! repulsive ! three thumbs down ! redemeption attribute \? equally i figured instead, i going be fair in that facet at least some of the phenomenal effects were um, and i like the decide of dressing for the artist and actors the ladies all were supremely sexier imo then, and i proclaimed then, it gets not makes up for the unequivocal x men, netherworld, (inserting your favourite vampire, flock filmmakers here) ripped off ! the executive, novelist, produce, all shouldnt are bansihed exiled from the film commerce i envisage i presume the pleas that most folks thinks about bleed rayne (and just about all other florian boll photographs) about this movie that's my whole 1 00 on this movie see if you dares