i read tomrobbins'even cowgirls get the blues as a teenager i loved every word it was steamy, funny, and full of glamorous scenery and beautiful writing but when i saw the flick, i could not believe what a somber, tepid, joyless pieces of crap it was how got this happening \? i believing elses in hollywood lira this book and filed it under gay pride women lesbians (that's the library of congress subject heading) now anyone over 12 who reading the book wanna behold it have nothing to do with true lesbo, any more than star fight is about actual spaceship passengers the literature was evidently and i doing meaning evidently wrote by a consecutive males who adores the ideas of bisexuals (in the nudist, all the times) but ha never truly meet one br br yet, somebody in hollywood say, um yes, best supplying this to a homosexual directors or bisexuals humans volition create difficulty till they delivered it to gus van sant nothing against the men, but however gays he may truly are he ha not a clue as to how to deliver a humorous movie weirdo truckload sant taken a heterosexual men's mischievous imagination of guilty gratuitous girls girls actions and males exhibitionism revolved it into a annoying, literal inclined lesbo capacities recruit posters it's like turn an oscars sauvage humour into an artur meunier mishap not relatively brit brit the principal hint that man van sant got totally no ideas what to doing with the source material is the riotously lousy cast his brunt enabled him to hiring the highly nicer his ignorant of the novel's actual homoerotic (a consecutive men's imagination, not a homosexual stolz recruit displays) led him to deliver choice that were not only lousy, but weird br br letting's meets the casting of even cowgirls got the bruises brit ab pat watanabe as the chink ok, there are scant naming acknowledgment asiatic actress and patricia nakamura, in happier dates, was relatively comedian but cast him as the chink was spurious, spurious, awry pat watanabe ha no ideas that the chink is a highly droll men (gus hadn't told him) pat also wouldn't seems to savoir that the chink is suitably, sultry ! ! ! in the literature he's not wiser obsolete herr toyama he's more like hugues playboy ! he's a hart obsolete goats and he realises a lots about gratifying the lusty and receptive wuss and booming butterscotch (you refer, in the guidebook, they aren't truly lesbians doing you got that this is a heterosexual men's fantasy yet \?) brit brit jan hurting as the duchess ok, he's a homos amiable men but he is a grievous, shakespeare actress ! ! ! ! you needs somebody who is entertain, and encampment, for this roles for john harmed to are casting as a zany boyfriend iike the duchess is catastrophic and sorrowful i retained expected poole scofield to roam in all costumed up as thomas more, and regrettably shaking his skull now, richard, you savoir you've wasted your souls completely for shamed, my former undergraduates ! and yeah, john injury was droll (and quite homosexual) as claudius but that was negro slapstick, not mischievous and flippant humour iike the books ab brit sleet yutaka as windfall jellybean no talents, no training, no problems except that in the books bonanza is droll, mischievous, joyful, (mostly) heterosexual, and affectionate in the film she's sulky, reactive, expressionless, and annoying as for her tasting for woman, robbins in the guidebook begs it adore this boga knew i adores females, but nothing can taking the places of a men that conforms yeah, gus \? ha you reading this literature \? brit brit uma bullock as wuss hankshaw this is a hard roles in the books sissy truly is an unspeakably reactive and bashful heroic yet, a more attained actor likelihood ha manufacture a sparkle in her eyeball, or a oscillation in her stroll, to insinuate some sorts of concealed fortitude or secret fulfillment of her escapades uma wouldn't pulling it off, presumably as gus never tell her wuss is believed to enjoying being a snag hikers with a gorgeous bodies and hefty inches uma play it more like she's in a televisions film about a chick die of leukaemia brit brit this film is sulfuric and dreary and i accuses you, man van sant !