from the start this film was loathsome ! why was it that bad \? \? if it isn't the naked women, not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of colgate whitening ! ! then it'sthe'crazy'old man at the gas station, who isn't so much craziness, but morei'm not certain how to behave a terrific deal because i determination glancing direct eagerly and admire as asinine as i can while pretending to shout in humanoid connotations about something in the woodlands ! ! then back to these nudists nymph in needs of a curing for halitosis seemingly, without touch you and this is according to the opens scenes they can reason a distasteful searching red itchy on your cou, which i imagined to are a piece of flesh lost but just looks as albeit it could doing with some tcp to obviously it properly up then you do katerina dutchman who play ally, i owns never saw such baaaaaad acting, she is more of a me me me, ifi'm not having fun no one else is, and i doingn't want doing this than i couldn't, andi'm the kindest bovine on the planets,i'm satirical, trivial and if i doingn't got thing my manner i desire sulking !, sorts of persons remind me more of a 6 years older girls's attitudes i known't thought it's even useful mention the alarming cameras angle that reminding me of cameron demon, or how scant budgeted the movie indeed was that when judd was hack atthe'locked'door it was in made unlocked before he achieved to unlocking it from the other sides ! ! this movie is totally ridiculous ! if it were a spoof then it would ha been successful only just while, but, as a horror movie is was just straightforward bad ! ! ! i won't even being to describing everything that traveled t ! t up in this film i would manages out of room ! although it was humorous to seeing andrew perf raspberries spice in his aural all times he opens his kisser while thom savini's nature was totally blind to the three disguised under the tables immediately in his linea of eyesight ! ! it was even funny when these three guess they could flees on a goodness damned tractors, which as we all savoir is thou figure one loathed vehicles to got jammed behind because its if goodness damned slower ! thus is it any astonished they doingn't got away with it \? \? and how numerous folks does you realize that can piece commencing their wrists and then running around for hour as if nothing ever transpired ! no pains, no eroding from bloodstream losing, nothing ! \? but the stupidest portion is when all of a unexpectedly (and i meaning that actually) it's one yr ago and molly is yet roaming the wood after taking escape the nymph, and then luk and behold, darren hutson selects her up of course not without a lines to promoting his book ! ! (altho certainly he is one of my fave author) but abruptly, and with totally no hints of an xplanation as to how and why she's wicked herself and decoys hutson to his deaths, then we chop to the loony guy from the outset abruptly roaming round the forest with a gasoline can, even after his'dazzling'performance on why no one ought ever ventures there for whatever induces signal the nymph arrogantly scratchin every other around a bite for amusing while wacky gushes gasoline everywhere and here endeth the movie again ! my conclusions if you holdsn't already guess by now unmitigated shite ! there was no sufficient thoughts moved into it at all, whoever was aimed the cameras requisite gunfire and future to thought of it thus were 99 of the casting ! if the true executive, protagonists, and budgeted get behind this it could owns been alright but, once again, scant budgeted british terrifying movie but the resting of the genres, the countries, and the lish movie doing industries to regrettable ! ! (andi'm englishmen thusi'm authorized to said that) ! in facto the only alright and exciting portion of the film is in the first 15 20 min when we watching it turning from dusk to days over a fields sort areas all i retained thoughts throughout this was jeez jeez in heaven why mhm why ha you enables somebody to create this, its unmitigated bovine's testes ! ! but i won't turning a movie off after i've commenced noting it regretfully i assumed to watched from night befor sunup afterwards just to reminding myself that thom savini did ha it in him to acts best ! if there was an options for 0 10 then believing me i shoulda opted that, actualy this movie isn't even valuable the one regard i were brings it ! br ab but this is just my opinions, watched it and deciding for yourself