and rent a good horror movie it's adore the writer had never seen a terrifying cinema before and didn't realize every sole thingy he penned was cliched and hackneyed and has been parodied to perfection in imagery like scream and affraid scene br ab in between the scarier fragments is the most nondescript and grim dialogue ever written stupid we're going to the prom junk i wanted to claw my ears off honestly, the hills has better dialog br br there really was no need to make this movie leading lady is uninteresting and i kept thinking her \? really \? guy is obsessed with her \? really \? br br all the characters act in stupid ways, including the police (cover the place in teams of 2 ! front and back ! not one sleepy cop sitting in his car with the window rolled down just waiting for his throat to be slashed) br br the serial killer just swans about murdering everyone he wants without the least bit of problem no resistance from victims (or doors) nobody has any protection or the least idea of fighting back (or flipping the security lock on the hotel room door) the people are like mentally disabled sheep br br by the by, if you're a gore fan, you'll be disappointed too all the killing is kept offscreen and is ahem tastefully done (so boo hoo for you !) br br none of the killings is the least bit interesting most of the time they've already happened by the time we find out br br the only cliche missing was the cat that always pops out in this kind of movies oh kitty ! you scared me ! i thought you were the killer aiieeee ! br br and then at the end when it's time for the killer to die well, let's just say it's the easiest and most obvious choice snore br br the audience was jeering and talking back to the screen throughout it was too dumb to believe and not really scary enough don't encourage this kind of lazy film making br br (oh, and by the way no crowning of a prom king or queen no tiara no bucket of blood) br br so save your money and rent carrie or friday the 13th or halloween or scream or scary movie (any of them) to get a good scare with some original twists