josh hartnett's homicide eyes, the thick writing of it, and harrison ford being in a buddy cop comedy ! here's 3 reasons to hate it, hinder it, and to utilizing 116 minute of your life better ab br the buddy officer movies are fun however their real golden centuries was back in the 1980s and the 1990s making one that aims to mix action and comedy through the police of hollywood itself is confident a exemplary idea but the final result of that turned out to be not at least a spoof of the subgenre but a reason to ask god to have mercy upon all the past movies of the same category whereas the shittiest of them was by all approaches more than (hollywood murders) br ab what truly have arise to this entertaining formula \? ! because a whole decade the aspects possessn't been the same you'd owns a buddy actions dogged flop after another i'll joy you with some title to caught on the disasters suitably (i spies 2002), (patriotic assurance 2003), (cab 2004), (starsky hoss 2004), and the shittiest of them all yet (miami vice 2006) ! br ab i believing one of the justification is the naturel cases of saturated after numerous comparable cinematographic actions and televisions displayed during 2 decades already adding to that, especially here, the negligent deal and the dreary humour indeed the point this times is completely intolerable yeah, we've get the character of 2 faithful policemen who owns second job, and the backdrop of sinful town, but what else was latest \? ! it's not about cliches it's about scant renewals blended with cliche where both owns been sorely handed br br the acting, mainly from (hartnett)'s sides, is dreadful this buddy is anything but a humorist (or actress !) than his nature was wanna to avenge for his fathers's deaths ! avenge on yourself bro, he presumably deceased out of see your acting ! ! even the little role gotten folks that am nothing to doing with comedy (or that's what they sounded here anyhow !) ab br the directing fail in presentation something that comic or that vehement, some portion succeeded to are eminently dreary (imprison the black buddy through the lacking \? \?) it's a uncommon times to are tiresome in what presumed to are activity humour ! they weren't utilizing hollywood itself whether as an ironical location where there is ghastly confronting behind the shallow charms, or even as a location which's fullest of twinkle or lowered star (cameos that could've afforded it scant fascinating times) br ab it's a highly effortless film that conveyed on being watchable by only itsstars'glamour, and as being a friend policeman film to extremity up as one of the shittiest case of 2 star with nos chemistry on the screens (one of them have no chemistry with the screens itself ! suppose who \? !), and a buddy policeman destroyer more than film ! gods, doesn't deliver me, or my child, livelihood enough to testify (hollywood manslaughter portion 2) ! at final, glance at willis fords's performance, he wanna to owns a alright days, but at least we weren't