being that i loved the rudimentary caligula even with all its flaws, i have to say this remake trailer was egregious br br entertain to jovovich say in that unmotivated american accent mmm cuhligyooluh makes me feel sick the set doesn't look roman at all it hoping like some rich actor's hollywood mansion backyard, and the roman getup look like affordable crap you buy at a suburban costume shop br br that charming antonia asti looks like a fifty year old hispanic woman totally terrified out of her mind, as if not knowing it's a theater trailers ab br the acting ha get to are some of the shittiest i've ever saw, with most of the line i hearing being haphazard actor scream caligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! as loudly and obnoxiously comically as they can ab ab the haphazard intercourse scene also occupied a alright 40 or 50 of the trailers, and the scene with significant protagonists actors like gérard harrison (who wonders the screens in shadowed for all of five and a halved minute) not done anything but attempting uncomfortable or go all out over the highest with their smallest line, just dredging it down with the ridiculousness of their delivering ab brit lindsay enjoy's portion comprises of her seek like her habitual frumpy decipher harlot independence sloping against a gate muttering about the lunar or something you won't saying as she's either drunkenness or highest or just muttering idiotically brit brit karen black is just infuriating indiscriminately laugh, and scream in such a manner that annoys you brit brit hackett mirren she was in the prime, and her back to caligula comprises of caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i especially loves (and by loves, i meaning hating) ennia's harmony, caligola j00 no miki me something nonsense something that sound iove j00nalo it's also madly haughty to said claudius's three annum reigned was wider than lordy's childbirth and deaths ab br frankly, this ha get to constituted the shittiest, most exploiting, self indulgently ostentatious slice of shite labelled as artistry i've ever interpreted even if gore vidal loathed the prime caligula, he oughtn't ha showed up or afforded his naming over for this shits heap, no issue how many they paying him (unless it was a trillion million yens) shittiest trailers ever