first of all i do not look down on americans i know lots of people that are intelligent people from the usa but this film is so full unfavorable, that i just had to comment on it br br first of all movies are mostly far from the truth this movie is no dispensation lots of scene's are so fantastically untrue for case the departure of the 2 space ships you see them drop off the full tanks in space just a small distance from each other remember what caused the space shuttle to explode in the past \? just a tinsy winsy part that happened off in here it is just customary to drops fuel cisterns that are as sizeable if not narrower then the whole vessel what moron would letting 2 starships lifting up and doing that at the same times \? \? \? seconds of it is that the soviet stations is a slice of (s) crap i hating to brings this up to you, but astronaut yesterday move to moscow because their materials is very more dependable then nasa's the spaceship shuttles is retire and jpl utilizes it just to salaries off the bills and there is no more alternatives for it and the lists of whoppers going on and on this is genuinely an insults to humans that doing taking spacecraft traveling large and i knowledge medium as many as these dudes doing but the most bothersome portion (reads the whole film) is the propaganda and patriotism shite that umm recieve choke with my goodness ! ! ! ! i believed i was seeing at a msnbc enterprise commercial for iike an hora the protagonists solving their trivial problem by gunfire at both other, conferring the median fingers to everyone they coming tackling to tackling with, starting up brawls, ignoring the policeman, etc, etc but when it permeates to their adores for their countries and eroding their inhabit, abruptly everyone standing in pursuant to perpetrate suicidal for it (bombs detonator) \? \? perhaps i lacking the foreboding of being a genuine patriotic, that can sings the patriotic hymn retrograde in swahili notwithstanding horseback with georgie bush behind the steer wheeled of a golfers carro, drives in hoops until the batteries is empty but this film was too sizable for me too dealt and when i ultimately getting hold and pull the flags poles and fabrics of the usa labeling out of my derriere i realized that i was appreciative this film was ultimately achieved i doing not realize why thus very alright actors competed in this restricts inclined, stereotyping, propaganda film but i shame them this constitutes a countries where you can got remotely with murdering if you ha cash or capacities as along as uncle sams thought you are a alright patriotic where everyone is happier as longer as it is another countries that ha been destroyed, no one cares