the first thunderbirds earned a situ in tv history it was, and anymore is, exceptionally beloved indeed, the entire first 10 minutes of the wallace and gromit movie (the wererabbit) is a direct lifting of thunderbirds, down to a direct replay of the original thunderbird 2 launching sequence (if you don't believe me, get the movie, and then get a copy of the original episode where thunderbird 2 is launched) br br this films was a crass striven at took akids'movie when the original was adored and enjoy by childhood and matured uniformly ! in the original, the thunderbirds expended all of their times rescues humans who were frequently cornered when mama natures or technologies traveled monstrous spurious (yeah, there was also the casual felonious acts) the thunderbirds bringing their alone inhabits and resource at risks for no gratification the highly nub of valour and altruism there was small corporal brutality the thunderbirds contested the fantasy to a degrees how numerous of we would dreaming of sometime build a thunderbird 2 \? and doingn't underestimating the wattage of entertain to doing this numerous japanese peculiarity their passion with robotic bots to the ancient astroboy caricature brit brit but this film was a poorest ir images of the first this film arrived across as a mental between thunderbirds and demented melodies i meaning, we ha antoni steadman as brainpower mimicking looney swine's stutter \? \? \? \? \? very of the actions comprises of king fu energy watchman types fights indeed, there were droll sounds impact when somebody get pinched on the skull with a simmer skillet the technology that sacked our imaginative was nonexistent conversely we ha these children operating around, utilizing a plot apparatus that was never in the originally series (taking the whole teams taking off at once, leave the bases occupy by the children and brain) then there was a dosage of utilizing the force luc mystique hurled in when tintin would levitating something or another, paired with the the hood utilizing aerodynamics that seemed iove they were lift from hunkered fu, disguise dragons about the only stuff misses was for the hood to going tintin, i am your uncles with a respiration conceals voices the cardiac that effected thunderbirds singular was vanished br brit the only rosy regard was ron mushy's portray of wright he catch it abundantly but the publicist play female penelope arrived across as a teenager eh \? \? \? \? br br and this is why we hating this film when somebody engenders out something that was popular to a fans basis, and waits the supporters to shelled out cash to seeing, and then delivers something than wasn't even nears to what the fan expects suitably, i am forgive, that is just uncomplicated erroneous ! okay, thus if they were doing akids'movie fine next times distributing it consecutively to video, where numerous of these belongs but doesn't packages something up in a acquainted bagged and changes the insides