back in 2004 i saw true, tom tykwer's contribution to paris jet'aime when i saw it i amar it and became thrilled it became my favorite short film and gave me hailing the format so plenty of course i wanted to seeing the whole filmmaking, and i would even inspecting who was attached, etcetera ab ab today i eventually seen it, courtesy of the internet ab br first of all i must tell that it looks super the photographed is nice in any few and pull, at the shittiest being nothing extraordinary but yet marvellous and overt ultimately i reading the trivia here, and potentially it's how scanning in 6k provides more justice to all the dp's works my especial favourite are the quais en seine first scenes (that sunshine !), the sin town esquire (but preferable for me) quartier en las madeline, and 14th arrondisement but you realize, what the crap i like them all truthful or vendome st dennis yet renders me excitable with those resplendent colors (my eye, they quiver !) and quartier latin is golden incarcerated on cash gorgeous br ab yes, these are some gorgeous shorter movie ab br now letting's got onto the content i highly many (and i meaning highly very) like the eclecticism that is instead precisely found you never do gets the same theme or deal between three shorts, and i envisage the formula is restriction enough to letting all these artist explores gorgeous and aggravates aspects within the shorts i adored come from a uncomplicated adores tale into a loony shanghainese orchestral in parisien with barbet gerhardt into a societal commentaries into a horror caricature into a unassuming monologues i adores astonished ! and this movie have them ! it's grand they taken a opportunity to letting all these directors's flesh out aspects that are not habitual in prevalent cinema (which i ha coming to greatly dislikes) it's not greatly experimental, but i can gasping the exhales space these folks brought br br i like the little times and i adores the acting i adores the effortless and i adores the enjoy i like the uncomplicated sentiments and the beautiful and the eclecticism and in extensive it's a movie that is highly highly highly pleasant to seeing, alone or with somebody to merely think it departing me feel highly bestest ab br there is something about the earnestness in it it's thus frank ab ab what i didn't loves \? suitably, for me there are three shorts that aren't precisely the better quais del seine (which is alright amiable, certain, and perhaps even sufficient, but feel too very like a commercial \?) and pere père that even albeit i adores the acting, i viewed it's aspects were forced but that of way, is just me tours eiffel i also hasn't loves but i thought is presumably as of my highly diverse sensibilities from that of sylvain chomet \? i doingn't savoir if this movie ha a especial heed for humans who already realize the actors's and managers, and thus they can joy in their interacts, in the surprise (seem out for alexander payne in a humorous roles) and essentially in what gonna this director doing with this \? huge questions i liked it highly very in that manner ab ab i reiterate now most shorts i adored and all of them assembly train a gorgeous and vigorous mixing i certainly recommending it certainly ! ! ! thus, watched it if you loves eclectic gorgeous dearest !