i'll admit to being biased when i reviewed this since it was my introduction to the series i saw this film for the first time in 2005 on the late night fear friday on amc, which often pulls obscure gems like this out of cold storage for new generations i brought it a point to staring the utter amicus nonfiction serial before investigating any of them here to introduces sure i made perspective attempt back, i still rate the house that smeared bleed as my prefered, followed closely by tale from the crypt and then asylum br br i think all of the elements that make this series purty thevintage'60s'70s style cinematography, creepy to wacky, much fetched stories and the unmitigated britishness of it all properly down the helps music arrived along best here than any of the others universal the film centres around a highly ancient lish countries bedroom and the woe that befell all that insist within ab ab the first tale implicates a horror novelist and his woman, who relocated into this solitude placing to got a intermission from the town thus he could concentrates on his fervour he generates a homicidal characteristic phoned dominic and shortly commence witnessing grand trouble talk realities from novel there is a perceptive physchedelia here through his anguish that i discovered joking yet affraid ah and those horrific subsidiary dentures (then again these are brit actress, perhaps those were actual ! ! !) ab br the second tale is the story of a solitary obsolete men (pete cushing) that enjoy relocated here to leakage his loneliness, yet it only deteriorates as he is haunting by outof loves he seem to ha discovered doable salvation at a locale (highly scary) waxes museums, but it becomes out he would ha been very best off alone br ab the fourth tale comprises the grand cristobal rhee (my fave englishman terrifying actors) as a mere fathers with a somewhat perturbed and richly fearsome younger child he is continually judicious of her obtaining into aspects she oughtn't iove sorcery ! she ha a intrinsic talents for it, with alright motivates lee is sublime here as the icing cool disciplinarian, that homeboy ha a genuine talents for play characters that are totally bereft of warms ! ! but except his better endeavors, the small troublemaker wants in facto elicit banish skilled and inclement aspects followed br ab this last tale is the story of a sarcastic dilapidated veterans protagonists that believes the junior executive he's work with isn't schooled to capturing a appropriate werewolf movie, properly down to the calibre of the costume and his robe in specific upon he going to a dilapidated curiosities showroom in the mid of a hazy bedtime to got something more authentic slightly would he realize that he pick up a genuinely trusty werewolf's disguise ! placing it on at the apoplexy of midnight have absolutely discernible affect by the times i ha got to this third and final stories, it was after 3 am and i couldn't pretty continue awake on the first attempt (not from bored) but i have experiences something that i ha gazillion of time, a odd bonding experiences i ha with movie or musician when i drifting in and out of sleeping and the movie songs becoming portion of my dreamers ! ! grand amusing ! ! this weird tale was faultless for that and sounded very scary the first times than it indeed was as i awoke up okay when he was levitating by the disguise's competency and couldn't pretty fathom was what occurring at first not longer after, the delightful ilse pitt, a starred on his film sets, arrived to visits and he cautioned her not to mise on the cloaks at mondays but he needsn't ha disturbed, for she was a actual werewolf herself the chintzy keypad jingles that tracked as she hovered toward him on the stairway was merely hysterics ! ! and again in my medium asleep sate, sounded somewhat confusion ! sideways marks bring sure to caught lee and pitt along with the amazing amicus superstar britt ekland in the all times classical movie the wicker men (1973) brit brit the fewest linking here was the interlacing commentaries between tales, but bases on the tales themselves, this is a classic ! objectively, i would said the fourth stories is better, but i like the 4th most as it renders me grin thus sizable highly eminently recommend for horror fanatics and if you're a brits horror fans, it's compulsory ! i'd said it's helpful to visualise the series in timeline warrants if you can the final movie of this installments, monsters clubs (1980) is undoubtedly the inferior i thought the first 3 4 movie except for the at time lackluster torturing gardens (1967) are the better, but if you loves any of them, you ought watched them all at least once you'll presumably are back numerous more time to watched your favourite